PR: Build README. (#4)
Cornell-University-Combat-Robotics/Autonomous-25-26: README.md

This is a README!

> Autonomous is Super Dooper cool and we love making CLANKERS!!!! Tinskins, wirebacks, part buckets, oil guzzlers, and all other sorts.

Author: ```suggestion
Autonomous is Super Dooper cool and we love making ROBOTS!!!! Cool guys that will keep us around when Sam Altman pulls a Matrix on us.
```

Author: Try changing this to avoid robophobic comments

Author: I really don't like clankers. They make me angry and they're going to make us just as unemployed as the math majors. But fine. I'll keep it out.
